Added RTD management guidelines to README (#15)
ACCESS-NRI/documentation-infra: README.md

This repo contains the reusable infrastructure for the documentation websites curated and deployed by ACCESS-NRI.

## Templates
The [templates](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/documentation-infra/blob/main/templates) folder contains templates used for documentation websites, to be copied into their repositories following the instructions at the beginning of each template file.

> They are organized into directories that mirror their intended location in the target repository, so the `templates` directory can be treated as the target repository root.

Reviewer: Typo: ""organised" with "s"

> For example, `templates/.readthedocs.yaml` should be copied to `.readthedocs.yaml` in the target repository, while `templates/.github/workflows/check_links.yml` should be copied to `.github/workflows/check_links.yml`.

Reviewer 2: This is a helpful example, thanks for adding @atteggiani!

## ReadTheDocs Project Management

This section outlines how Read the Docs (RTD) projects are managed across ACCESS-NRI.

### Maintainer Requirements

Every RTD project must have **at least two individual maintainers** in addition to the `access-nri` organisation account.
This ensures continuity of access and avoids single points of failure when team members change roles or leave.

- Maintainers must be listed explicitly on the RTD project's **Maintainers** settings page.
- The `access-nri` account must always be included as a maintainer alongside the individual maintainers.
- It is the maintainers' responsibility to keep the maintainers list up to date whenever team membership changes.

### Personal RTD Accounts

RTD projects must be maintained through **individual personal RTD accounts**, not the `access-nri` one.

> This ensures each maintainer has access only to the projects they are responsible for and improves safety.

Reviewer: Edit: "This ensures each maintainer has access only to the projects for which they are responsible, thus improving security."

> This ensures each maintainer has access only to the projects they are responsible, thus improving security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This ensures each maintainer has access only to the projects they are responsible for, thus improving security.
```

> Each maintainer must connect their personal RTD account to their GitHub account so that repository integrations work as expected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each maintainer should connect their personal RTD account to their GitHub account so that repository integrations run smoothly.
```

Minor preference - I'm not sure what "work as expected" means, so I suggest saying something like "run smoothly" to avoid having to explain how we expect it to work.

This connection must be made via the **GitHub App** integration (the legacy GitHub OAuth method is no longer supported and should not be used).

### Setting Up a New RTD Project

To set up a new RTD project for an ACCESS-NRI repository:

1. Open an issue in this repository requesting a new RTD project, including:
   - The GitHub repository URL
   - The intended project name/slug on RTD

>    - The RTD usernames (or emails) intended maintainers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - The RTD usernames (or emails) for the intended maintainers
```

   - The custom URL for the website (if required)

> 2. The documentation team will create the RTD project with the proper settings and GitHub integration configured.

Reviewer 2: Should we add here that we will also add access-nri as a maintainer?

Author: I added this in https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/documentation-infra/pull/15/commits/14aabd87653b3a37529e42543d7bc18668ce821d
